## welcome back to my epic lets play part 2
### 12:01 AM

Thank god for my coding program allowing me to make this shit easier. Anyways, if you haven't read part 1, please read it over [here](https://rustmotherboard.github.io/archive/2019/08/19-8-7). Now, back onto what I was going to talk about before I realized it was almost Thursday and not Wednesday. Me and Skaboof were about to watch Starman3 the decade old pedophilia expert's Roblox Goes Crazy series when I remembered, "hey, starman3 isn't cool anymore!". I used to love watching Starman3's content years ago, back when SMG4 wasn't just a GMOD channel that makes that one bootleg RWBY show called Meta Runner. I was going through the 28 episodes trying to find one joke about a slide. This slide used to be an ongoing gag in the later episodes of the series where someone would go "whatever you do, do **not** go on the slide", and then the person rides the slide anyways, thrusting them into orbit with high amounts of speed. They did the joke to death, if I had to be honest. The reason why I'm mentioning this is because the current episode of RWBY House that I'm working on (also mentioned in the last blog post) has the slide joke *and* Starman3 included in it because I thought it was slightly comedic, and it fits with the plot of the episode (which I won't reveal due to not very epic *spoilers*).

It took a while before we found the earliest known example of it, but it did open us to find some other somewhat interesting jokes during the time of me flipping through episode after episode of Windows Movie Maker action. I asked Skaboof if he wanted to see my own version of a Roblox Goes Crazy video, but I never got to show him that before we both left the Watch2gether room. It's a shame we weren't able to get to that, but it was an old video either way, so I'm also glad in a way that we never too the time to actually *watch* that.

### 1:00 AM
We've finally hit 2 hours until the spooky 3 AM. This must be the perfect time for me to dabble into that ROBLOX thing I was doing which I briefly mentioned in the previous post maybe!

Alright, so have you heard of Danganronpa? No? Back then, me neither! I just forgot how to spell it 5 minutes later so I kept referring it to as "Dangananananronaanaronapa" or something along the lines of that.

### 2:34 AM
Yeah, so it starts out with me joining the ROBLOX place Objectbloxia, as per usual. I'm a moderator on there, so I can pretty much do anything as long as it doesn't destroy the server. Fling someone endlessly for calling someone else a poopy head? Consider it done when I'm around. Danganronpa works as a visual novel sort of game where everyone is in this one school, and one has to kill each other and accuse it on the other in a class trial, where the guilty gets executed. Repeat until 4 or 5 survive and move on to the next game. They like to kill off the good characters because fuck you here's a full house of depression.

Moment of silence for Chiaki Nanami. Does this count as a spoiler? I dunno, probably.

Moving away from that, the first thing I did when I got onto the game was to get myself the essential building tools and flying. I head on over to the empty side of the map near that mansion from the second half of Inanimate Insanity 2 and notice there's a school being built. The owner of the game, "However", is also there working on one of the rooms, that being the cafeteria. I had my RWBY House Ruby Rose custom morph and I flew to him and asked on what he's doing. He replied that he's working on a school for a sort of Danganronpa roleplay. I later get the information that he's also a fan of Chiaki Nanami, which is *always* a good thing. You can never have enough Chia
ki Nanami. Anyways, Skaboof, Sanic, Rural, and Bowtie (important later) all show up somewhere later, with Skaboof still being in his Robloxian form, and the rest respectively being in their OCs, Zoka, MePod, and well BowTie is also in his Robloxian form like always (much like Skaboof, except more often).

One of the game admins, Pementa, was also there as well. They had a morph for Pent if I'm correct, which is one of the characters in Khonjin House that are in the ladder half of the series. To be fair, Objectbloxia's staff *is* a bit large for a ROBLOX roleplay place with usually under fifty players. It's prime player amount is usually in the thirties or whatnot.

### 3:25 AM

Yeah, so everyone was just hanging out in the open spot of the WIP school. However, fun fact, **we never used that**! Someone thought is was perfectly fine to just import a random school model into the game to replace it, and the one everyone was pouring their time into was just exported with F3X and put on someone's inventory for importing later. While this was going down, Skaboof offered me to take a look at his old ROBLOX recreation, back when studs were circle and stuff before LEGO slapped their greedy cheeks. That was so wrong out of context oh god. The place was mainly consistent of a house and what appeared to be and overgrown lawn. The path was tunned with some invisible walls, presumably so players wouldn't wander off.

Despite this, we never got to the point where we did the *actual* roleplay, we just stuck with Danganronpa in a free model. The worst part about the free model was that it had a really scummy script that prompted *everyone* to buy some off sale t-shirt every literal 2 minutes. Whoever made up that concept should have a piano crushed on them until all that remains is the blood.

I'm getting ahead of myself, though. Once the free model was imported, Bowtie thought it was perfectly fine to spam graffiti of Godzilla over the school walls, because **GODZILLA OH WOW**. That guy is like, probably the one person I'll ever know that likes Godzilla *this* much. That guy's just a monster who has a feud with New York for fucks sake. At this rate, he'll have *tea* with one of the god damn buildings. "However" went and removed most of the graffiti, and left one copy of it on the front wall of the gymnasium. Personally, it should've been removed all together. Anyways, after some doing literally nothing in order to stall time, one of the staff members teleport all of the non-admins to the outside boundaries of the school. However, they don't know what's going to come out of what's going down up in here. That was too contradictory to make even the slightest bit of sense.

### 4:12 AM
Once everyone gets into the building, the people with building tools customize their lockers to fit their own characters. One of them actually being based off of a recommended character that *I* sent in myself! The the person who uses that morph, Syeed, uses that character usually, but had the gender wrong (male when should've been female), so Syeed went and made their own male version of the character instead. That character being Juice Box. I feel that I did a good job with the asset, but the drawing style could've been better to be honest. I'm glad I switched over from Animate's Paint Brush tool to it's Pencil tool, as I got used to that instead of dealing with the Paint Brush tool's limitations.

I'd love to continue discussing this, but right now I wanna sleep. I'll continue writing once I wake up.