## day 10 | wise, clean, and grey-rific green relief hour rituals
### 12:15 PM
hi welcome to relief hours aka **not school**! i'm gonna talk about the latest school project our class is working on for language arts/ela, which is the literature class of our school curriculum. our teacher is the one we had during grade 7, and now that we're in grade 9 my parents are expecting a *lot* of homework from her. anyways, heres the rundown.

the current project we're working on is a commercial for one of 2 cities from a short parable in our book, which is called "two islands". it follows the story of 2 islands, one that's green and wildlife-thriving and the other grey and looks more like new york, which could actually be a *little bit insulting to* ***them***, in a sense. anyways, our class was split into 2 teams, one of 4 and one of 3. my group is the team of 3, if i recall. our type of commercial is going to be a video pinpointing the good stuff of the green island/village compared to how "bad" the other one is.

if you remember my youtube channel i linked at the [home page](https://rustmotherboard.github.io/) with the video "SPOON POWERED TIME MACHINE COMMERCIAL [2018]" you know i had to use ms paint for all the slides and have it look like utter crap!

on purpose, both for *comedy* and *to save time (suprisingly from a guy who makes wallpapers in* ***adobe animate*** *but our school doesn't have that* ***nor*** *vegas pro 16)*

### 12:28 PM
as i typed this my disk cleaner did it's daily clean, guess i should post the results now than never

**total space saved**: 37.2 GB (as of when i first installed wise disk cleaner (my cleaner))

checking the advanced cleaner, it cl- got stuck like midway while checking drive `C:\` UUUGGGHHH

### 12:32 PM
anyways back onto the commercial, our group agreed to *also* go for the same style so expect like a lot of ms paint-y paint 3d .jpeg live performance cause *our* teacher is very strict on what *she* wants with *our* presentations which *i* find to be a load of *bullshit*. we're not allowed to have pre-rendered audio and we have to move the slides ourself, and our presentation is going to have to be **25 minutes or so** and i only covered like 1 or 2 minutes. maybe i'll have to, make up a few parts of the script during the presentation itself.

one slide included a peppa pig doll-house from yahoo japan (image source) in place of an "actual house" for the comedic purpose, but people would still know that it's a house, and are gonna go like "oh hey yeah thats probably a house thing ding"

anyways school for the afternoon starts soon so my next update will be at around 3:00 PM instead

### 3:47 PM
47 minutes late, you say? never fear, as this comes with it's own fabled tales of "rusty talks about how his relatives are immature as hell", part four thousand six hundred and twenty-four, which also comes with the celebration of the **300th line used in this .md document alone!** which means that immature children shit is gonna be completley thrown out the window cause this is *my* blog and the fact that those 2 play **fortnite** makes it none the wiser to skip them for next time. it does involve rituals however...

### 4:25 PM
i'm currently working on a new version of the team gaiden trailer with infinitysnapz and right now we're deciding what one of 2 songs we're going to use. updates are usually going to be split farther apart because of this but once i get a nice portion of it done ill write back here with some other stuff to talk about in the meantime, maybe tap in to stuff i like talking about, such as **s p a c e**, or a theme song from an old disney xd show i can't get out of my head since 2 days ago, but more on that in 3-ish hours, predicting, that is.

### 6:51 PM
well, the trailer took a while, but i finally got a good enough portion of it done. moving on, i'll explain about what in the world i meant by immature children who play fortnite. when i was walking home (cause my father was at the store my mom works in for the time being), i noticed 3 of my younger relatives (8 to 10-ish) who were on the trampoline. i thought: "for the time being how about i just hang out with *them* for the time being, so that i can at least see what they're up to (and socialize more)."

needless to say i was surprised by how corrupted they were in general, they had this thing called the sacrifice/ritual where one of the kids lay face-first in the center of the trampoline and the "bodyguard of the ball" throws it with force onto that someone's lower half/rear end

i don't know *how* they came up with that but it's horrendous and i am *definitely* not going to go there again.

### 8:12 PM
i can conclude with a final statement tonight that posts from sunday to friday will be as short as these, or around, because of the limited time slots i have for them and how not many stories can happen in one day. however, i do have something planned for tomorrow. that being...

**day 11: finobe's the towers aren't feelin' so good anniversary edition.sb2 history lesson specmaratacthonular 2**

* old memories!
* history of my scratch account!
* nothing to actually do with 9/11!
* finobe, maybe!
* and more!

will it be longer than the long as fuck *day 9*? stay tuned tomorrow, for the big reveal! (will probably be in split parts)

see you then!