[home](https://rustyjs.github.io/index) | [changelog](https://rustyjs.github.io/changelog) | blog

# september 2018
## day 8 | back and forth
### 5:50 pm
well, it was a painful process just trying to find what jekyll themes will work. turns out, none of them did! i guess it's just so *broken* and whatnot it just **won't** work with what i got.

for now, if any of you guys want a dark theme, use a browser extension or whatever. that should do the job.

## day 9 | the late 100% internet-free r/nichijou groupwatch marathon spectacular
### 10:29 AM
as i'm typing this entry in atom, it appears that my internet **went down** without any warning. looks like i'll have to occupy my own time for the supposed downtime.

well, i guess i can just, go and type whatever i want for a few hours? not gonna lie, that'll just be a bunch of me ranting about crap. seriously, have you guys ever *seen* what i can do sometimes? i even made an n++ level that has like 2 rotating lasers in it and only me and one other guy managed to beat it. i suspected that he looked at the replay. you always think they're gonna do it different, but nope they do it almost exactly as you do

### 10:32 AM
do we have a table of contents feature available or is that what those blue link things on all my headers are for?

### 10:33 AM
forgot to mention that i finally got that dark theme browser extension, so my website is now in beautiful dark colors! that's, like, cool and stuff.

moving on, it's more or less that the internet will probably be back up by when the clock hits PM. i dont know what *pm* actually stands for but i'm having my thoughts it's any of these options

* past morning
* past morning
* pre-morning just kidding it's past morning
* **past morning**

if i ramble on for too long i'll have it so that all my paragraphs are sliced per 30 mins, so the next sorta heading will arrive to this `blog.md` document at 1:03 PM or something

### 10:38 AM
so i've added a new images folder, i'll probably be posting imagery soon, that is! problem is that first i have to upload the image here, use some `.md` supported format, and i have no idea if it's *actually* going to work all at once. i'm saying we have a 50/50 chance over here.

i'm gonna go get something to eat i was drinking pepsi brand root beer for a while

### 10:42 AM
ok so all that was there were some expired froot loops probably and stuff that *isn't* food. there's probably like an apple in the fridge but i'm not risking cutting my finger off this time. anyways, something else i wanted to talk about is actually from yesterday, so it's some sorta, "time travel episode" if you will

yesterday night, on the r/nichijou discord (which i can't link cause no internet = no discord access = no invite link) i was *supposed* to be hosting a groupwatch for a nice long 1 hour and 15 minute shitpost called "khonjin house: the movie", which is a collection of the first 50 khonjin house episodes on youtube. it's marked as age restricted to where you have to sign in/make an account to confirm your age (13+ according to the terms of service on their site) in order to even see any content in the video itself. i think it's included cause of either

* a: all the swears included in it
* b: that one episode that involves the company "big dildos" **(not a real company, i have no idea if their facebook page is real though it could've been inspect element'd to heaven or hell)**

### 10:50 AM
moving on from the actual content of the movie, i was supposed to host it at around 8 AM/PM or whatever (at the time being, it was roughly 9:25 PM). which meant i was **four hours late** thanks to jeik telling me that i was late. now i get that it's like rude and everything but believe it or not my internet was down **yesterday** from when i woke up, to 12:30 PM, which is a pretty long while, i was waiting roughly 2 hours to get even 2 bars of internet on my switch (that i *do* own)

needless to say, since i was roughly now 4 and a half hours late at the time, i had no choice but to apologize to the people who were wanting to join (not many, cause of how fucking late i was (presumably (probably (yes)))), and start it anyways

we started at 10:00 PM instead whoops

anyways the people in the groupwatch were me, jitsus (my friend and one of the few writers for a webcomic i work on (more on that like soon)), nutball, and another friend of mine, which means there were a total of like 4 people in the groupwatch at max

needless to say x2 combo except it's not a combo they were 5 lines away from each other, the movie was pretty good. however, due to how late it was (the time was now like 1:00 AM), everyone but me and jitsus were blinking in and out, and nutball and that other one eventually had to leave. if i were to place rankings for how long people stayed, these would be the results

* 1st place: me (i hosted the entire thing and the few bonus videos at the end)
* 2nd place: jitsus (was there mostly the whole time and eventually left at around 1:30-2:00 AM)
* 3rd place: nutball (was blinking in and out)
* 4th place: that other guy (same as nutball, but more severe and was booted out by rabb.it much more often)

needless to say, we all liked the movie. here's my review coming right atcha in the next header like kirby back atcha

### 11:00 AM
movie review 001
**title**: khonjin house: the movie
**runtime**: ~1:15:00
**plot**: who the fuck talks about a plot in **khonjin house** smh

**the review**: nice shitpost

**rating**: 5 pepperoni pizzas out of 5

anyways im gonna go and probably add a new page here or something for the site itself, maybe split this per month

### 11:16 AM
i did that

___

[home](https://rustyjs.github.io/index)
[archive](https://rustyjs.github.io/blog)
